welcome to the man of recaps it's the
man in the high castle season - welcome
back to 1960s America in the alternate
reality where the Nazis won World War
two which you know sucks
Jill Blake is a nice guy but he's been
working undercover for the Nazis to get
the man in the high castle films that
show alternate realities the resistance
is pissed at Juliana because she'd let
him escape and she's like look I believe
he's a good man also he's really hot so
they bring in mean resistance guy who
shoots her in the face no it was just a
tranquilizer she wakes up and meets the
nerdy guy from office space turns out he
is the man in the high castle he's got
this barn full of all the films he
doesn't explain where they come from but
he watches all of them and uses the
information to help the resistance
she's here to tell him about the film
she let Joe Blake escape with where a
nuclear explosion destroys San Francisco
he's like hey tell me did you see this
guy in it and she's like yeah actually
he was a resistance member getting shot
I kind of recognized him but I don't
know where from he explains that in
every reality where the Nazis win
eventually San Francisco gets neut
except for the one where that guy dies
wearing a Nazi uniform in an alley
somewhere he's like if we're gonna save
San Francisco you need to find out how
you know this guy and they tranq her
again for now now war is certainly
coming
remember the Nazis controlled most of
America but the Japanese kept California
the big problem is the Nazis have the
a-bomb and the Japanese don't until now
last season trade minister to go me he
worked with the Nazi agent to get
nuclear science to the Japanese that way
they could have a nice Cold War but the
Japanese general wants to build an
a-bomb and use it for a sneak attack on
the Nazis which is the exact opposite of
what he wanted trade minister to Comey
by the way last season ended up
meditating himself to an alternate
reality but I guess he came back he's
like well that was a weird dream anyway
Joe Blake on the book to Mexico but
they're gonna take the film and sell it
to their resistance he's like yo guys
the Nazis will pay way more so boom
air-dropped buttload of cash and he kind
of made friends with these guys but
unfortunately boom it was a bomb back in
New York
open gruppenfuehrer John Smith like Joe
we were never gonna pay those guys you
shouldn't feel bad they were criminals
and Joe's like yeah I'm not cut out for
this kind of work I'm done
I'm gonna go back to my nice honest job
at the construction site Giuliana and
the trunk of the car mean resistance guy
is like yo we got a killer she knows too
much and nice resistance girls like well
that wasn't our orders but before they
can figure it out she busts out of the
trunk and there were some cops nearby so
it turns into a big shootout Giuliana
gets away and unfortunately nice
resistance girl gets shot and dies
Giuliana makes it home she finds the
photo of her dad and his airforce
buddies one of them is the guy in the
film her mom's like oh that's George
Dixon he lives in New York now and he's
her half-sister Trudy's real father but
I ended up marrying their other best
friend who thinks he's Trudy's father so
it's scandalous
anyway mean resistance guy still wants
her dead and the Kempeitai are looking
for her because of the big shootout so
she does something drastic and runs to
the Nazi Embassy in defense now
Giuliana's boyfriend Frank Frank is
talking to the chief inspector his best
friend Edie confessed to the murder of
the Japanese High Prince because Frank
was the prime suspect but the real
killer was a German assassin trying to
provoke war but the chief inspector
covered that up to avoid war so Frank's
like hey take me instead of my friend
but it's like yo he already confessed
this is case closed so Frank goes to
antique store owner Robert Chilton who
sold him the bullets and it's like look
we need to find a Japanese contact to
get ed out of prison he knows this
high-powered lawyer but he doesn't want
the case so Frank's like hey this uh
Sitting Bull necklace we sold you yeah
it's a fake I made it turns out that
lawyer works for the Yakuza and they're
like hey we'll continue making fake
artifacts to make money for you but I
need my assistant ed so the Yakuza gets
the chief inspector to blame the
assassination on the dead nice
resistance chick and Edie is free so
Giuliana going to the Reich they need to
make sure she's genetically pure enough
she's got the big scar from when she was
hit by a bus earlier they've talked
about it a few times it might be
important later and she's like hey I'm
not resistance the resistance wants to
kill me because I helped your agent Joe
Blake can I stay here and John Smith
Condon knows that's a load of bull but
he's like maybe she'll lead us to
resistance she can stay in fact I'll let
her be friends with my wife and almost
immediately she's contacted by the
resistance it's in fact George Dixon she
tells him about the film and how only
his death can ferment nuclear war he's
like huh well that sucks
um in the meantime we just want you to
help spy on John Smith John Smith has
one big secret his son has an incurable
genetic disorder and in Nazi America
they put those people down doctors like
hey John we're friends but you got to do
it today or I'm gonna report it so he
takes his son on a euthanasia fishing
trip but he just can't go through with
it so instead he kills the doctor oh
he's the only one who knew about it and
makes it look like a heart failure
meanwhile Joe Blake living the simple
life has a random girlfriend but John
Smith's shows back up he's like yo I
told you I'm not working for you anymore
he's like actually this isn't for me
from your father who's a high-ranking
Nazi official Joe's father is fresh
Minister hoytsman who as far as Nazis go
is kind of a good guy he's just an
engineer and a futurist you know of
course Joe hates him because he
abandoned him and his mother but his
father shows him the old Lebensborn
facility that's where high-ranking Nazis
were baying super hot chicks in order to
perfect a master race and he's like Joe
you were born here you're Lebensborn and
I didn't run out on your mother she
kidnapped you and stole you to America
I'm so sorry
in the meantime Joe met this superhot
German chick Nicole and they hit it off
right away but she's Lebensborn to wait
are we related and she's like Lal don't
worry this isn't gameofthrones
so she takes him to a house party of the
young Nazi elite and they're like hey
man all our parents are a-holes but
pretty soon we'll rule the world and we
can make it a better place by the way I
want to drop acid with us yeah why not
and Joe's like maybe I will stay here
use my father's position and try to make
the world a better place from the inside
trade ministers to go me he is sad about
his wife and son being dead so he
meditates again and boom he's back in
the reality where America won the war
but in this reality his wife is
divorcing him and his son hates him he's
like man I'm an a-hole in this reality
turns out his daughter-in-law is
Giuliana Crain what and apparently he
was disapproving because she's white and
like broke the baby's mother or whatever
so he glues it back together and amends
are made and he's living a happy life
now meanwhile frank meets a resistance
member who's this hot japanese american
chick and turns out he's got a real
taste for freedom fighting
he uses his metalworking skills to get
the explosives out of this old
undetonated bomb and then he and that
girl totally do it
meanwhile they need to sell forgeries
for the accuser so they make fake
Abraham Lincoln cufflinks and this guy's
not really interested but Eadie stops in
spinning this elaborate tale of murder
and mystery and this guy's totally
buying it now they go to pay the Yakuza
but just then the Kempeitai come and
shoot the place up what they realized
the Yakuza was informing for the Nazis
they're like what are you two white boys
do and get on out of here and so these
two get to keep the money and they're
free of the Yakuza dead Joe Blake's get
along with his dad but their breakfast
is rudely interrupted turns out old man
Hitler finally kicked the bucket and
Joe's dad has been chosen as the new
acting Chancellor but that's not a good
thing yeah there's gonna be a scramble
for power and whoever eventually takes
over is probably gonna kill him back in
New York Giuliana's making friends with
the girls this one especially whose
husband is in charge of the TV in
America she lets slip that they're using
all old footage of Hitler so he's
probably
and they're just not telling anyone yet
julianna takes this to the resistance
and they're like oh that's great on
Hitler's death we have a mass uprising
scheduled so they kidnap the girl's
husband force him to go on the air and
tell everyone that Hitler is dead and
boohoo mass uprisings all over America
they send in the big guns from Berlin
and they're like hey any city with an
uprising we burn it to the ground
it's like uh-huh yeah we're not gonna do
that uprisings in San Francisco - the
resistance is gonna use the bomb to blow
up the Kempeitai building Frank's like
yeah I'm your man for that Edie and
children are gonna bail to the neutral
zone and Frank's like sorry buddy I'm
not coming on this one so those two will
have an odd couple' thing there next
season so Frank drives over there gets
the car bomb set but on his way out he's
recognized by the chief inspector so
before he can get out boom the bomb goes
ha ha we don't see Frank again maybe
he's dead
but the chief inspector is a badass he's
just fine breaking news from Berlin yes
Hitler is dead but he was assassinated
by the Japanese all wars coming the
German plan is to nuke the entire
Japanese Empire and Joe's like come on
dad this can't possibly be the way he's
like Joe a lot of people will die but
this will be the last war then we'll
rule the world forever lots of peace
it's like yeah I guess but something
doesn't sit right with John Smith he
goes to see Reinhardt who had the failed
assassination on Hitler last season he's
like hey Hitler's dead in Berlin ordered
your release turns out your faction won
so this guy's super happy and Jon's like
so what are you gonna be the new Fuhrer
and he's like no not me
Heil hoytsman Jon's like huh thanks for
the info boom boom it was a trick though
just to find out the leader of the
conspiracy but it means it's too late
next guy hoist Minh was the conspirator
behind the whole thing
meanwhile John Smith's son his micro
seizures are getting worse he's like hey
Giuliana I think something's really
wrong with me she's like you probably
talked your parents about this so he
tells his son about his condition and
he's like oh I'm a burden on the state
that's so sad but there's surveillance
everywhere and their assistance gets the
tape they're like Giuliana this was
exactly the kind of information you were
supposed to tell us about she's like
he's just a kid I'm not gonna let him
get killed and they're like yeah you're
either with us or you're against us oh
they're gonna kill her but she busts out
of there no one knows she's a black belt
in Aikido she escapes and finds George
who has changed and is gonna submit the
tape to the authorities to bring John
Smith down she's like he's just a kid
you're no better than the Nazis and he's
like we'll have to be as bad as them to
beat them so he's gonna go and she makes
a hard dilemma choice boom boom shoots
him aho and so she's filled the film
prophecy George Dickson's dead dressed
as a Nazi in an alley but how did this
stop nuclear war well over in the
alternate reality she's part of an
anti-nuclear protest group so they show
a film about the latest hydrogen bomb
tests how awful they are and the Trade
Minister is like oh I should probably go
back to my own reality and stop nuclear
war there so he takes that film and he's
like peace out Bhuvan realities shift
and turns out he's not the only one that
can do this his assistant actually came
from the other one where his family died
anyway he shows the hydrogen bomb test
to the chief inspector and it's like
wait in this reality that's on Japanese
soil we don't have that weapon it's like
no we don't but we want the Germans to
think we do so Chief Inspector goes to
New York and shows John Smith the film
and he's like yeah we got the big bomb
you don't want to fight us he's like
yeah I agree
so John Smith goes to Berlin meets with
Joe who takes him to his father and they
show the video to the German High
Command but Chancellor hoytsman wants to
do the war anyway so John Smith goes to
Himmler and lays out the whole
conspiracy so they go they arrest iseman
and Joe by association they already had
a big crowd gathered for the war speech
so they make it about stopping the
conspiracy instead and they honor
obergruppenfuehrer John Smith with the
big salute good job you've done your
crunchy proud but his son watching at
home turns himself in he's like MA I got
to make my country proud too and he's
taken away to be euthanized so sad the
man in the high castle is moving
locations he's downsizing burning most
of the films cuz he hasn't memorized
John Smith as the resident film expert
is given access to Hitler's personal
collection of men in the high castle
films and the resistance gives the rest
of their collection to trade minister to
go me and meanwhile Giuliana Crain
hitchhiked somewhere where the man in
the high castle is waiting for her and
he's like congrats you did it you
stopped nuclear war she turns out
Giuliana you are a main character in a
lot of the films and because you killed
a good man George Dixon to save that
kid's life John Smith a bad man got to
live but that stopped nuclear war and
I've got another surprise for you it's
your dead sister Trudy how is that
possible well I mean clearly she came
from another dimension where she lived
but still mind blown and that's how
season 2 comes to an end
[Music]